Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#128)
go-ping/ping: CONTIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> This project is still at the initial stage of development. Feel free to submit PR/issue for any feedbacks.

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure how true "still at the initial stage of development" is. While we might like to make some major (breaking) changes for v2 of the library there are quite a few projects that already import `github.com/go-ping/ping ` in 'production' as it were, as evidenced by [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-ping/ping?tab=importedby) and even some that aren't on there e.g. [smokeping_prober].(https://github.com/SuperQ/smokeping_prober).

Author: Thanks for the feedbacks! Just updated the fix. I've also noticed this PR[1]. It seems that we don't have a conclusion yet. I only added a reminder for the contributors to know that this project is used in production services. I think we might need to discuss it sooner or later. I think @SuperQ @sparrc both wanted the best for the community. Maybe we can just tag the current(legacy) version to `v1.0.0`. And we can start breaking and testing things in `v2.0.0`, since `v2` is not compatible with v1. This way, we can happily do any improvement we want and update README for new users to use `v2`. And old users can continue to use v1's API. 😄 

[1] https://github.com/go-ping/ping/pull/101

## Pull Requests

> Fork the project in GitHub and clone it your local machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fork the repo on GitHub](https://github.com/go-ping/ping/fork) and clone it to your local machine.
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/ping.git
```

Here is a guide on [how to configure a remote repository](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork).

> Check out a new branch, make changes, run tests, sign-off commit and push branch to fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out a new branch, make changes, run tests, commit & sign-off, then push to your fork.
```

```bash
$ git checkout -b <BRANCH_NAME>
# edit files

> $ make test style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ make style vet test
```

$ git add <CHANGED_FILES>
$ git commit -s
$ git push <FORK> <BRANCH_NAME>
```

Open a pull request in the main `go-ping/ping` repository. Also, please remember to describe the purpose of this PR and attach related issues.

*Rebase your feature branch if necessary. Maintainers might ask you to squash the commits*

## Development Guides

> - Run `make test style` before commiting your changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `make style vet test` before committing your changes
```

# Contributing

This project is already used by other projects in production environment.
Please be cautious when committing breaking changes.

> Feel free to submit PR/issue for any ideas or feedbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to join us in the #go-ping channel of the [Gophers Slack](https://invite.slack.golangbridge.org/).
```

## Pull Requests

[Fork the repo on GitHub](https://github.com/go-ping/ping/fork) and clone it to your local machine.

```bash

> git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/ping.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/ping.git && cd ping
```

```

Here is a guide on [how to configure a remote repository](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork).

Check out a new branch, make changes, run tests, commit & sign-off, then push branch to your fork.

```bash
$ git checkout -b <BRANCH_NAME>
# edit files
$ make style vet test
$ git add <CHANGED_FILES>
$ git commit -s
$ git push <FORK> <BRANCH_NAME>
```

Open a pull request in the main `go-ping/ping` repository. Also, please remember to describe the purpose of this PR and attach related issues.

> *Rebase your feature branch if necessary. Maintainers might ask you to squash the commits*

Reviewer: Very pedantic nit - full sentences:

```suggestion
*Rebase your feature branch if necessary. Maintainers might ask you to squash the commits.*
```

## Development Guides

> - Run `make style vet test` before committing your changes
> - Add tests for bug fixes and new features 

Reviewer: Full sentences again:

```suggestion
- Run `make style vet test` before committing your changes.
- Add tests for bug fixes and new features.
```
